# Recipes

Coming soon...

Okay, 

we've seen a lot of ways to contribute with triaging issues, poll request, creating poll requests, contributing to the documentation, which is a great way to contribute, but there's even more than that. The symphony ecosystem is a lot bigger than just the symphony reposit than these two repositories, for example, and me just go to [inaudible] dot com slash symphony. You'll see that there are a hundred and 18 repositories under symphony. Now a lot of these are called. If you click on, for example, dumb crawler, you'll see that this is. This is actually what's called a subtree split. The Dom crawler is actually managed inside of these symphony slash symphony repository. You can get a source symphony component, thumb color. Then there's an automated process that splits this down into its own repository automatically, and that's done so that people can use the color library independently. So if you want to contribute to dom, you will actually do it in slow symphony slash symphony. The way to know if a repository is one of these sub tree splits is you'll see that the issues tab has been disabled, so basically if you look under all of these repositories is under symphony. You'll see that most of them are sub tree splits, but a lot of them aren't. For example, recipes. This is one of the best ways that you can contribute to symphony. If you install a bundle or a library and it doesn't have a good flex recipe or it doesn't have a flex recipe at all, then you should definitely add or improve it either on the recipes or repository or the recipes contribute pository. 

We're actually going to do that in a second. Well, there are several other things that you can contribute to. 

Yeah. 

Austin for a flex is the actual composer plugin. For symphony, you can make improvements to that maker bundle. This is a make a bundle with the cogeneration for symphony is its own library. Webpack encore is its own library written in node panther is an awesome new browser testing library that allows you to test your code in javascript and even monologue bundle is its own library and there are many more inside of there, so there are many, many, many other libraries instead of symphony that that honestly need love and need people to go and help triage those issues and review those pull requests as well. 

So let's try one little contribution here to the recipes. I'm going to go back to the main recipe's repository, one of the recipes in Harris for the twig extensions library, which is just a standalone php library. And when you install that recipe it, it gives you a new config packages twig extension, that Yammel file. And the idea here is that these are the four classes that are provided by the tweak extensions library and if you want to use any of them, all you need to do is install this library and then uncomment the ones that you want. I want to make that a little bit more obvious by actually I actually adding a little comment above this that says that. So let's do this. Let's go back to main recipe's page. Get the clone url for this. At this point, this should start feeling pretty good. We'll go back to my main contributing directory. Clone that repository. 

Yeah, 

and then move into it. Now I already know that to create a pull request with this, I'm eventually going to need a four port. I already have a fork, so I'm gonna. Copy my url, go back and say get remote, add Weaverryan, and then paste. Cool. So I already have my forks setup over in my editor. I'll close a few files out. Well, let's find recipes. Twig extensions, one point zero. Config packages, twiggy extensions. That yammel here, I'll say on comments, any lines below to activate that twig extension. 

Perfect. 

Now move back. The recipes is a little bit unique that it only has a master branch, so we don't need to worry about any branch in there, so I'll just spray it a new branch off of this 

or request 

and I pushed to get pushed weaverryan adding twiggy extensions. Note. Awesome. Now let's move over. Cool. In this case, started little yellow bar. Shut up. I'll do the polar request for that over to the master branch. Double check. Yep. There's the one line that we want and we will hit create pull request. Now this was a simple pretty simple recipe change, but a lot of times if we're making more complex recipe changes or if making a new poll request a new recipe, you might want to be able to test that recipe. You might want to be able to test that when you actually installed that library that the recipe works exactly how you want it to, so you'll notice that almost immediately it was a poor request passes validation. There's another thing that says view deployment up here, so I'm going to open up that in a new tab. This is really cool because it allows you to temporarily change your flex endpoints so that you can test your new recipe, so I'm going to grab us export line here and I can paste that anywhere because it will just affect my terminal and then to test the library, it doesn't really matter. I could create a new project, but let's just go into our triage issue 

and then I'm going to compose required twig slash extensions, which is the name of the library. You'll see it here showing me the pose required to extensions. I don't have to put the care at one point. Oh, because that's the only version of it. When I do that, it gives you a warning that you're not using the normal symphony endpoint. Looks like it worked. Now move back over here. Config packages, twig, extension diameter and yeah, there it is. There's our comment just fine. Like I said, if this were a more complex recipe change, we could actually now play with the library to make sure the experience of using our library is exactly what we want. 

Once you're done playing with things, we will unsent that so that we use the normal end point from here for our guys. That's it. There's so much good stuff to work on. In the symphony world, there's really complex stuff like working on the main symphony repository, but there's also many, many other things like working on the documentation, working on recipes or just finding that third party library or bundle that you love and helping to improve it or it's documentation. There's so many wonderful libraries and bundles out there that honestly could use a little bit of a face lift in making their documentation clear. You're the person that can make a difference by adding that. If you guys have more questions on contributing, I would love to answer them. Ask them down in the comments and we'll see you on get hub. All right guys, see you next time.