# Triaging

Coming soon...

That guys, Oh and welcome to a special tutorial where I get to talk about something that I just love in that is contributing back to symphony like you guys. I use symphony all the time and when I use it sometimes 

sometimes I find things that I don't like or sometimes even bugs and there's nothing more fun for me than actually asking myself, is that something I can improve? Is that something that I can fix? But contributing to symphony can also be challenging. It's a very big project. It's very complex and there are a bunch of things that you need to learn, but I promise you you will not regret. Learning how to contribute to symphony. It's challenging. It's fun and it will definitely make you a better developer and allow you to understand the symphony in a much deeper level. So let's jump in. The main repository for good hub for symphony is under github.com/symphony/symphony. This holds almost all of the symphony libraries that exist. We'll talk about a few libraries later that exist in different repositories and you'll notice that there are 749 issues in 181 poll requests in. This leads me to the very first way to contribute in probably the most important way and also be least thankful and that's called triaging issue and poor request triaging. Basically there are too many issues and too many pull requests for the core team of symphony to be able to respond to and find everything, for example, 

so the first thing you can do as a contributor is to find an issue and either give your feedback about it. If it's a feature or if it's a bug, see if you can repeat that bug in as simple way as possible. We're going to actually see this in action. The other thing you can do is triaged a poll request, which basically means reviewing the poll request for pull requests code, giving your opinion on whether or not you think it's a good idea and even trying it to make sure it actually works. Don't be afraid in. One big thing I want to talk about is don't be afraid to give your opinion on an issue or a pull request. Yes, you're. It's possible that it's possible that if you do some code review on a pull request and you might say something that's wrong, that's okay. Honestly, the time that you take to review a request or an issue 

is 

have super high value and if you say a couple of things that aren't correct, someone else's gonna nicely correct you, you'll learn something and the whole project will move forward simply as truly open source and then does a welcoming 

place 

for people to be able to help make issues and code review. So actually the first thing that I want to actually do is code review a pull request that I found. So I'm going to pause. I'm actually going to type the number in here directly. It is two eight, zero six nine. This is a nice example that I found. Darn it. Two, eight zero, six nine. Okay. Check this out. So this introduces a new multiple of constraint which for which checks whether one number is a multiple Aka divisible by some other number. So this is a new validation constraint and by the way, when you're finding issues or pull requests, you might not know how the validator works. So if you want to learn, great. If you don't want to learn and you're an expert on something else, like security, find issues, issues and pull requests for security. 

So and as you can see, this pull request has not gotten any action yet. So this is going to be something that we're going to help push forward. So the first night we're gonna do is just give it a nice code review and this is something that you, you might not know what you're looking for when you first start, you'll get better and better at this, but basically you just want to make sure that it makes sense. So whenever you have a validator, you have two classes, you have the class that's used as the annotation, this is called multiple of. And then you have the validator class that goes along with it. And this is the class that actually performs the validation, so you can see here you create a multiple of constraints. The one property which is all which is used as the annotation, the one message on it, it is one option on is called message. With the language. This badge we have multiple off compared value. That's a pretty good message. So I'm going to leave that. Then down here it uses f mod to compare the values. So it's simple. It all looks pretty good to me. 

And the second thing we're gonna look for is to make sure that it has a test and yeah, it actually has a really nice test what's actually comparing whereas valid comparisons, invalid comparisons and so on. This uses a special base class to help put this all together. But yeah, it has a task. So things look good from this case. Collin, not surprisingly, because I know him, he's a really smart guy. He looks like you did a really good job and if other people and even with even with a simple poll requests like this, the question is does it actually work? It's one thing to look at the code and say it looks pretty good, but it helps so much if we have another community member that says, I actually tried this code in it worked in my project, so let's do that next.